chore: api headers (#1047)
hirosystems/docs: content/docs/resources/guides/rate-limits.mdx

## API rate limits

The following rate-limits (in requests per minute, or RPM) are applicable for [all Hiro APIs](https://www.hiro.so/blog/updated-rate-limits-for-hiro-apis):

| API key | Rate Limit                        |
|:--------|:----------------------------------|
| No      | 50 requests per minute (RPM) per client IP, for unauthenticated traffic |
| Yes     | 500 requests per minute (RPM), regardless of origin IP, with an authenticated API key |

Rate limits are split between two service types:
- **Stacks services**: [Stacks Blockchain API](/apis/stacks-blockchain-api) and [Token Metadata API](/apis/token-metadata-api)

> - **Bitcoin services**: [Ordinals API](/apis/ordinals-api) and [Runes API](/apis/runes-api)

Author: oh nice, yeah thats helpful. i've updated to explain that the service classification is path-based. also added a note that platform services have separate rate limiting -- hopefully that should make it clearer how the routes request to each quota.

| API key | Rate Limit                        |
|:--------|:----------------------------------|
| No      | 50 requests per minute (RPM) per client IP, for unauthenticated traffic |
| Yes     | 500 requests per minute (RPM), regardless of origin IP, with an authenticated API key |

Rate limits are split between two service types based on the API path:
- **Bitcoin services** (`/ordinals/*` and `/runes/*` paths): [Ordinals API](/apis/ordinals-api) and [Runes API](/apis/runes-api)
- **Stacks services** (all other paths): [Stacks Blockchain API](/apis/stacks-blockchain-api), [Token Metadata API](/apis/token-metadata-api), [Signer Metrics API](/apis/signer-metrics-api), Explorer endpoints, and other Hiro services

Each service type has its own independent quota, allowing you to use both Stacks and Bitcoin APIs without one affecting the other's rate limits. For more details, see our guide on [response headers](/resources/guides/response-headers).

:::callout
Platform services (Platform API, Devnet) have separate rate limiting and are not part of this quota system.
:::

:::callout

> You can create one for free in the [Hiro Platform](https://platform.hiro.so) by creating an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create an API key for free in the [Hiro Platform](https://platform.hiro.so) by creating an account.
```
